Cms/content delivery (#6750)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/reference/content-delivery-api/additional-preview-environments-support.md

# Additional preview environments support

{% hint style="warning" %}

> The contents of this article has not yet been verified and updated for Umbraco 15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of this article have not yet been verified or updated for Umbraco 14. Some features or behaviors described may no longer apply in Umbraco 14.
```
